chore: update docs (#94)
getsentry/sentry-kotlin-multiplatform: README.md

## Supported Platforms

| Target Platform | Target preset                                                                                                |
|:---------------:|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
|     Android     | <ul><li>`android`</li></ul>                                                                                  |
|   Kotlin/JVM    | <ul><li>`jvm`</li></ul>                                                                                      
|       iOS       | <ul><li>`iosArm64`</li><li>`iosX64`</li><li>`iosSimulatorArm64`</li></ul>                                    |
|      macOS      | <ul><li>`macosArm64`</li><li>`macosX64`</ul>                                                                 |
|     watchOS     | <ul><li>`watchosArm32`</li><li>`watchosArm64`</li><li>`watchosX64`</li><li>`watchosSimulatorArm64`</li></ul> |
|      tvOS       | <ul><li>`tvosArm64`</li><li>`tvosX64`</li><li>`tvosSimulatorArm64`</li></ul>                                 |

## Usage

> For detailed usage, check out the Resources section below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For detailed usage, check out the [Kotlin Multiplatform Documentation](https://docs.sentry.io/platforms/kotlin-multiplatform/).
```
